Add support for post-install scripts and installer resources on macOS PKG installers (#2903)
beeware/briefcase: docs/en/reference/platforms/macOS/index.md

Any Boolean or string value can be used for an `Info.plist` value.

### `installer_resources`

/// note | Only used for PKG packaging
///

A path, relative to the project root, to a directory of additional resources to include in the PKG installer. The contents of this directory are added alongside Briefcase's own installer resources (such as the welcome screen and license), and can be referenced by the installer's distribution definition.

These resources are part of the installer itself, they are used while the installer is running, and are not installed onto the target machine.

> DMG and ZIP "installers" do not carry resources, if you define `installer_resources` while using one of those formats, the setting will be ignored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DMG and ZIP "installers" do not carry resources. If you define `installer_resources` while using one of those formats, the setting will be ignored with a warning.
```

### `min_os_version`

The minimum macOS version that the app will support. This controls the value of `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` used when building the app.

### `post_install_script`

/// note | Only used for PKG packaging
///

A path, relative to the project root, to a shell script that will be executed during installation, after the installer content has been unpacked. The script must be a valid macOS shell script file with an appropriate shebang line (e.g., `#!/bin/sh`).

For console apps, Briefcase provides a post-install script that creates a symbolic link to the app on the `PATH`; your script will be run *after* that link has been created.

> DMG and ZIP "installers" cannot run scripts; if you define a `post_install_script` while using one of those formats, the setting will be ignored. There is no PKG analog for a pre-uninstall script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DMG and ZIP "installers" cannot run scripts. if you define a `post_install_script` while using one of those formats, the setting will be ignored with a warning. There is no PKG analog for a pre-uninstall script.
```

The minimum macOS version that the app will support. This controls the value of `MACOSX_DEPLOYMENT_TARGET` used when building the app.

### `post_install_script`

/// note | Only used for PKG packaging
///

> A path, relative to the project root, to a shell script that will be executed during installation, after the installer content has been unpacked. The script must be a valid macOS installer `postinstall` script (i.e., a script with an appropriate shebang line such as `#!/bin/sh`).

Reviewer: It's not immediately clear what a "valid `postinstall` script" would be:
```suggestion
A path, relative to the project root, to a shell script that will be executed during installation, after the installer content has been unpacked. The script must be a valid macOS shell script file with an appropriate shebang line (e.g., `#!/bin/sh`).
```
